Add a new error code 8129 (#4399)
pingcap/docs: error-codes.md

    
    Modify the SQL statement or disable the `only_full_group_by` mode.

* Error Number: 8129

>     TiDB doesn't yet support JSON object with key length >= 65536.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    TiDB does not yet support JSON objects with the key length >= 65536.
```
